Note how base images named with device type extend those named with architecture (#2160)
balena-io/docs: pages/reference/base-images/base-images.md

#### Image Names

> - `<hw>` is either architecture or device type and is **mandatory**. If using `Dockerfile.template`, you can replace this with `%%BALENA_MACHINE_NAME%%` or `%%BALENA_ARCH%%`. Images named with device type generally are built from images named with architecture and include more tools, as you can see in this [example]({{ $links.githubLibrary }}/base-images/blob/master/balena-base-images/device-base/raspberrypi3/debian/bookworm/run/Dockerfile#L7). For a list of available device names and architectures, see the [Device types](/reference/base-images/devicetypes/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `<hw>` is either architecture or device type and is **mandatory**. If you are using `Dockerfile.template`, you can replace `<hw>` with `%%BALENA_MACHINE_NAME%%` or `%%BALENA_ARCH%%`. Images named with device type are built using base images named with architecture. The `%%BALENA_MACHINE_NAME%%` are bigger and includes more tools. Check  [example]({ $links.githubLibrary }}/base-images/blob/master/balena-base-images/device-base/raspberrypi3/debian/bookworm/run/Dockerfile#L7) for reference. Check the list of available base images for [device names and architectures](/reference/base-images/devicetypes/).
```

Just a suggestion to make it sharper.

Author: Thanks for the link checker fix and text improvements, @vipulgupta2048. Incorporated your suggestions modulo a couple of typos.
